README.md, before:

ReactionTimes
=============


I have made this page because...
=================================
Kaya and I were making a movie about Reaction Times for this competition(http://www.sciencechallenge.com.au/info/guidelines/).
I have done a lot of Python(programing langugage) and a lot of html(thing you use to make a webpage).
So I decided to make a program of my own that Kaya and I could use.
As you see in my Reaction Times webpage (http://reactiontimes.github.io/) connected to my homepage(Swackyweb).
This is a game that tells you your reaction time for that go and your average reacton time.

How to use the report program:
==============================
The reports (http://github.io.reactiontimes/reports) program reads a file of reaction times (playtext.txt) as comma separated values, one line per person. Have a look at the file.
The program also uses a file (reports.txt) to decide what averages to calculate and makes a report from all the data.
Download the 'report.py' to your computer and run it on your computer. You will need python3 installed (python.org).

Terms and Conditions:
=====================
If you find this page you are allowed with my permmission and Kaya's. You can deffindly send it to your friends!!!
But under the concern that they or you will not still the idea or pretend that this is yours(It took a lot of effort in making this the video and the proggram).
The reason for this is that kaya and I do want get credit for our hard work. When you did not do any thing to help us.

Collecting statistics:
======================
This page (http://reactiontimes.github.io/) allows collecting statistics.

Commit message:

add how to use PAGE

README.md, after:

ReactionTimes
=============

How to use this page:
======================
To use this page you just put in your name, your gender and your date of birth. If you do this it will be part putting you in your age group.
Click the button when the traffic light flashes GREEN, if you do click the button when the traffic light has not flashed GREEN the time for the the traffic light to turn GREEN will start all over again.
After you have finished click an email button so that your results will be calculated and you will get an average, for your age group.

I have made this page because...
=================================
Kaya and I were making a movie about Reaction Times for this competition(http://www.sciencechallenge.com.au/info/guidelines/).
I have done a lot of Python(programing langugage) and a lot of html(thing you use to make a webpage).
So I decided to make a program of my own that Kaya and I could use.
As you see in my Reaction Times webpage (http://reactiontimes.github.io/) connected to my homepage(Swackyweb).
This is a game that tells you your reaction time for that go and your average reacton time.

How to use the report program:
==============================
The reports (http://github.io.reactiontimes/reports) program reads a file of reaction times (playtext.txt) as comma separated values, one line per person. Have a look at the file.
The program also uses a file (reports.txt) to decide what averages to calculate and makes a report from all the data.
Download the 'report.py' to your computer and run it on your computer. You will need python3 installed (python.org).

Terms and Conditions:
=====================
If you find this page you are allowed with my permmission and Kaya's. You can deffindly send it to your friends!!!
But under the concern that they or you will not still the idea or pretend that this is yours(It took a lot of effort in making this the video and the proggram).
The reason for this is that kaya and I do want get credit for our hard work. When you did not do any thing to help us.

Collecting statistics:
======================
This page (http://reactiontimes.github.io/) allows collecting statistics.
